Update to clarify per-chunk columnstore settings (#4325)
timescale/docs: api/hypercore/alter_table.md

# ALTER TABLE ($HYPERCORE)<Tag type="community" content="community" />

> Enable the $COLUMNSTORE or change the $COLUMNSTORE settings for a hypertable. The settings are applied on a per-chunk basis. You don't need to convert the entire $HYPERTABLE back to the $ROWSTORE before changing the settings. The new settings apply only to the chunks that haven't been converted to $COLUMNSTORE yet, the existing chunks in the $COLUMNSTORE do not change. This means that chunks with different $COLUMNSTORE settings can co-exist in the same $HYPERTABLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the $COLUMNSTORE or change the $COLUMNSTORE settings for a $HYPERTABLE. The settings are applied on a per-chunk basis. You do not need to convert the entire $HYPERTABLE back to the $ROWSTORE before changing the settings. The new settings apply only to the chunks that have not yet been converted to $COLUMNSTORE, the existing chunks in the $COLUMNSTORE do not change. This means that chunks with different $COLUMNSTORE settings can co-exist in the same $HYPERTABLE.
```
